{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green24\blue24;\red109\green109\blue109;\red52\green55\blue54;
\red228\green234\blue244;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;\cssrgb\c26667\c27843\c27451;
\cssrgb\c91373\c93333\c96471;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\'01;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
Use this as your foundational Product Requirement Document (PRD) before moving into the actual wireframing and no-code build.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 ARM15 Interactive Playbook: Master Specification\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 1. Core Philosophy & Go-To-Market Strategy\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Problem:
\f0\b0  Existing rugby playbooks are static (PDFs, PowerPoints) or require heavy, linear animation software. They do not reflect the dynamic, decision-based reality of Rugby Union, and players do not read them.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Solution:
\f0\b0  A lightweight, interactive, branching HTML web app that replaces the whiteboard. It uses "dots and numbers" (no 3D graphics) to clearly communicate tactics.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The GTM (Product-Led Growth):
\f0\b0  The Playbook is the "Gateway Drug" to the main ARM15 club admin platform.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Freemium:
\f0\b0  Any coach can create 3 plays for free.\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Standalone Paid:
\f0\b0  ~$100/season for unlimited plays and full defensive mapping.\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ecosystem Upsell:
\f0\b0  Fully unlocked and integrated if the club buys the master ARM15 SaaS.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 2. Technical Architecture (The Low-Code Stack)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Format:
\f0\b0  Dynamic HTML5 Web App / Canvas (No App Store downloads, zero friction).\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Frontend Builder:
\f0\b0  FlutterFlow or WeWeb (optimized for custom animations and mobile-first rendering).\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Backend/Database:
\f0\b0  Supabase (stores user data, authentication, and the lightweight JSON files that dictate the X/Y coordinates of the plays).\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Data Structure:
\f0\b0  The app does not generate or host heavy video files (GIFs/MP4s). It strictly passes JSON text files (math). For example: 
\f2\i Player 12 moves from X:50, Y:30 to X:60, Y:40.
\f0\i0  The frontend canvas reads this math and animates the dots locally on the user's device. This keeps server costs practically at zero.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 3. The Coach\'92s Creator Studio (Input & Build Phase)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 Designed for Desktop/Tablet. Optimized to trade manual drawing time for high-leverage tactical output.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Pitch Grid:
\f0\b0  A mathematical X/Y grid from 0-100 (where X:0 and X:100 are the touchlines, and Y:0 to Y:100 is the length of the pitch).\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Constraint Lock:
\f0\b0  V1 is strictly locked to 
\f1\b 15-a-side Rugby Union
\f0\b0 . This standardizes the physics engine and limits the variables the system has to handle.\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hybrid Input System:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 AI "Text-to-Pitch" Engine:
\f0\b0  The coach types a prompt (e.g., 
\f2\i "5m attacking lineout, 4-man, 12 crash"
\f0\i0 ). Behind the scenes, a strict "System Prompt" forces an LLM (via API) to output exact JSON coordinates based on hardcoded rugby rules. The canvas instantly populates 15 attacking dots in the correct spatial alignment.\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Master Library:
\f0\b0  A drop-down menu of standard set pieces (scrums, lineouts, kick-offs) that can be dragged and dropped onto the pitch.\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Manual Drag & Drop:
\f0\b0  The coach can click any auto-generated dot, drag it to fine-tune the starting position, and draw vector lines for running/passing.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Branching Timeline (The Killer Feature):
\f0\b0  Moves are not linear. The coach uses a timeline scrubber to pause the play at a specific "Decision Node" (e.g., the moment the flyhalf catches the ball). They then split the timeline into 
\f1\b Option A
\f0\b0  (Crash) and 
\f1\b Option B
\f0\b0  (Sweep), plotting different outcomes.\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Defensive Layering ("Ghost Defenders"):
\f0\b0  Coaches can toggle on red defensive dots to visualize the opposition's shape, showing the attacking players 
\f2\i why
\f0\i0  a dummy line is necessary to hold a specific defender.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 4. The Player Experience (Output & Consumption Phase)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 Designed strictly for Mobile Web. Built for the player reading the play on the train or in the changing room.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The URL Output:
\f0\b0  Hitting "Publish" generates a unique, lightweight link (e.g., \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 play.arm15.com/view/8f7a9b\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 ). The coach drops this directly into the team WhatsApp.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Interactive Scrubber:
\f0\b0  The player sees a sleek, top-down 2D pitch. They hit play, and the dots run the base move smoothly.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Choose Your Own Adventure:
\f0\b0  At the programmed Decision Node, the animation pauses. Two massive, thumb-friendly buttons appear (e.g., 
\f1\b [Watch Option A]
\f0\b0  / 
\f1\b [Watch Option B]
\f0\b0 ). The player taps one, and the animation seamlessly branches to that outcome.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Offline / Touchline Mode:
\f0\b0  Because the JSON data is so light, the play can cache instantly on a coach's iPad, allowing them to scrub through the branching animations in the middle of a muddy pitch with zero cell reception.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 5. Security & The Accountability Engine\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 Treating the playbook as proprietary intellectual property, not a public YouTube video.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Email "Magic Link" Gate:
\f0\b0  When a player clicks the WhatsApp link for the first time, they hit a gate asking for their email. They receive a magic link to authenticate.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Trojan Horse:
\f0\b0  This authentication silently builds the master ARM15 player database for the club before the DoR has even bought the full admin software.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Frictionless Return:
\f0\b0  Once authenticated, a secure cookie is dropped on the player's browser. All future Playbook links open instantly without requiring a login.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Anti-Leak Measures:
\f0\b0  Because it is an HTML canvas and not a video file, it cannot be easily "Saved to Camera Roll" and forwarded to the opposition.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 "Who's Green" Analytics Dashboard:
\f0\b0  The coach has a simple roster view. Next to each player's name is a traffic-light indicator. Green checkmark = viewed the play. Red X = hasn't opened it. This enforces accountability without requiring tedious multiple-choice quizzes.\
}